i feel like crying
i feel like going nowhere
i feel really bad
now I am tired
i am sleepy
i am bored
it is already been too long
you never have good luck
i only have bad luck
i can never win
i cannot win
i am loser
that taste horrible
how miserable
we never will get it
it stinks here
what a bad smell
i failed the test
i lost my wallet
i hate you
i am feeling bad today
my pet died yesterday
i got a low grade
i got a lot of work
the lecture is boring
i hate Mondays
i have got a flu
why does it hurt so bad
i look terrible
stop annoying me
i do not like you
i am not feeling good today
i do not have a high grade
Tthe lecture is not interesting
i do not like Mondays
i do not feel well
he had an accident
a dog bit me
i hate you
i am bored
o, pardon me, thou bleeding piece of earth, that i am meek and gentle with these butchers! thou art the ruins of the noblest man that ever lived in the tide of times. woe to the hand that shed this costly blood! over thy wounds now do i prophesy,-- which, like dumb mouths, do ope their ruby lips, to beg the voice and utterance of my tongue-- a curse shall light upon the limbs of men; domestic fury and fierce civil strife shall cumber all the parts of italy; blood and destruction shall be so in use and dreadful objects so familiar that mothers shall but smile when they behold their infants quarter'd with the hands of war; all pity choked with custom of fell deeds: and caesar's spirit, ranging for revenge, with ate by his side come hot from hell, shall in these confines with a monarch's voice cry 'havoc,' and let slip the dogs of war; that this foul deed shall smell above the earth with carrion men, groaning for burial. 
i'll punch his pilot light out!
don't bite the hand that feeds you. 
that's my plan. no i'd like to open the floor to your soul-crushing negativity.
you have written humanity's final chapter.
i'll newer know love. 
i don't deserve to be happy. 
everything costs too much. 
we don't have enough resources. 
that doesn't help us. 
i need to punch you until we both forget what happened here. 
whatever you're doing, stop it. 
unfortunately i cannot got to the cinema today.
don't leave me alone.
for years, i've been frustrated by blogger's relatively limited functionality and other problems.
sorry, we can't accept your application.
your future plans are rather imperfect. 
you don't show enough commitment. 
you were not pepared enough. 
o, here will i set up my everlasting rest, and shake the yoke of inauspicious stars from this world-wearied flesh. eyes, look your last! arms, take your last embrace! and, lips, o you the doors of breath, seal with a righteous kiss a dateless bargain to engrossing death! come, bitter conduct, come, unsavoury guide! thou desperate  pilot, now at once run on the dashing rocks thy sea-sick weary bark! here's to my love!
i'm growing impatient
you are annoying
i hate this day
i do not have time to relax
work is stressful
my colleagues are not very friendly
today it is not a good day
they expect too much of me
i do not like school
i do not want to stay here
i have no free time
he is an awful bore
i do not want to work 
I can not be bothered to work
the food tastes terrible
the weather is terrible
i did not get the job
i failed an examination
i am unhappy with my grades
this job is not the right one for me
i am dogged by bad luck
tomorrow i am going to commit suicide
i am a bad person
Sissy hates me
my day got perfectly wrong
everybody is happy except me
all the others worry me
i have not been lucky for 3000 years
unfortunately i lose every game
i am so unbelievably happy that my life sucks
everyone wants to kill me
my life is a single joke
i want to die
we lost the game
andreas depresses me
i got brain cancer
you creepy asshole
what the heck
something seems to be wrong
no way this is going to work
i guess i was barking up the wrong tree
screw flanders
i am sick
i do not like your attitude
damn i am late
fuck why didn't you do our homework
i hate homework
i have a hangover from yesterday
i am so tired today
stop annoying me
i am in big trouble
my wife just cheated on me
that girl was such a tease
it is so sad that i missed the train
i have got no reason to be proud
this tastes like crap
i'm broke
life is a bitch and then you die
i wish was never born
this pizza tastes like dog poo
i am wondering where all the love in the world has gone
why out of all the god-forsaken shitholes in Mexico do we have to meet here?
